---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

Week 4 is now over, I am back home with the parents and get to spend a month not
doing anything.

The app is about ready for v1 release. There are a few features we have not
quite got round to implementing yet, and a whole load of ideas that we think are
cool and will look at developing in September, but as an initial release after a
month of work this is looking good. The past week has involved lots of bug
squashing, lots of making sure everything works and some panicked adding of new
features that I probably should have made earlier. 

We are having some administrative issues with getting the Google play
publishers account set up, but once done I will upload the app there, so
people can download it and try it out. It will be interesting to see how long
it takes before the first bug report.

I also need to start thinking about the URSS blog things I need to do. This
was the end of the first objective, so I guess I need to write about all the
things I have learnt about over the past month. There is a surprising amount,
from how clinical trial work and what N-of-1 trials are, to more technical
android problem solving with databases, fragments, the backup manager and how
best to ensure the app remains responsive when doing database searches, file
loads or whatever else.

We also have lots of big plans for when I go back in September. I would like
to build an AppEngine backend for the app, so that the app can offload data to
the server, where the emailing can take place, data analytics could also be
shown. We could even implement a simple web client for the app, so the doctor
could check in on their patient's progress. So there are lots of fun things to
look forward to.

